Why are you applying for Financial Aid? (150 words minimum required)

I am currently studying in college, and unfortunately I have no sources of income of my own. I can only barely manage to pay for my college education, at this moment in my life.
As a consequence of my unfortunate circumstance in life, I sadly cannot afford to pay the fee that this course demands for enrollment, and so I must insist upon obtaining financial aid for enrolling and pursuing the course. I do not have a better option, at this moment, to receive enrollment in this course, than applying to request for Financial Aid.
The course is vital to me because I am hugely interested in the field of Machine Learning, and as this course serves as a stepping stone towards building a strong foundation in the said field of Deep Learning, I am very inclined to pursue it, as it would of indispensable utility to broadening my career prospects. Hence, I am compelled to insist for obtaining financial aid for the course.


How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals? (150 words minimum required)

This course revolves around my field of education as well as interest. Therefore, I believe that this course would benefit my future in a crucial manner. Not only would it provide me with the knowledge about this field of my choice, but also help me markedly strengthen my curriculum vitae, and aid me in gaining entrance into the most prestigious higher education institutions which I crave, by developing the needed skills and providing the necessary insight into the currently prevalent ideologies, notions and techniques in the field.
Also, a Course Certificate would be most valuable to me as a hard proof of the skills and knowledge that I will acquire throughout the pursuit of this course.
Moreover, I also pledge to demonstrate academic integrity throughout the pursuit of this course by divulging into it with all the sincerity and honesty that I can muster, and I contribute as much as I can to contribute to the community of this course.


If you answered no for using a low-interest loan to pay for your courses, please help us understand why.

As I am currently not particularly confident about the circumstances I would be in in the future, sadly I cannot as of yet consider taking a low-interest loan for the course. I am not very sure about whether I would be able to pay it back in time.
Therefore, I am humbly requesting to be granted Financial Aid to pursue this gratuitous course, so that my career can hugely benefit from the enlightening opportunity.
